LINK:
https://codepen.io/cgiddens09/pen/PowZPva?editors=1100

QUESTIONS:


    1. What is Semantic HTML? semantic HTML tells us about it's content.
    2. What is HTML used for? to set up the structure of a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? they provide addition info about the tag. They go in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is the main header. Should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img & a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata 
    7. What is an id? the most specific attribute	
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? defines styles to be used on multple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? set the target value to "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? if an image can't be displayed, the alt value will be displayed instead.
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is semantic, div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? the styling of HMTL
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page.... h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one...class is used on multiple elements. You may want multplie things styled the same way.
        An id is specific to only one particluar element and should only be used once per page. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p class = "human">
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? an element is the child when it is inside of another element (parent).
        This is useful when you may want one specific p element but not all of them to have certain styling.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? specifies a special state of the element (hover, bounce)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? using text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{border: 1px dotted; border-color: black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /*  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls -la
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  -rm...because it is permenant
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep things organized and have clear changes. you are also able to go back to previous versions of 
        your work. Makes it easer to collaborate with other people.
    35. How often should I commit to github? after any significant changes. When you'd typically save any work.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork-add collaborator-clone-create branch-add-commit-push-pull request- add reviewers

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? a block element will take up and uses as much width as it can.
	an inline elements only uses the minimum width necessary.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?  it is positioned relatively to the first relative positioned parent.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? display:inline-block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	block: div, p, li	inline: a, span, label	inline-block: img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? Every element is a box when it is created. HTML/CSS formats those boxes.
